## Classting Terms of Service

We would like to introduce you to the basic information regarding service use that you might be curious about while using the Classting service. You will be able to understand the rights, obligations, responsibilities, and other necessary matters between Classting (hereinafter “Company” or “Classting”) and Subscriber (hereinafter “Subscriber” or “You”). The Company is posting these Terms of Service on the front page of service for You to easily access. The Company will make its best efforts to provide a stable service in a continuous manner and we sincerely hope to get closer to You with the Terms of Service that we are introducing to you.

#### The definition and interpretation of the terms used in this agreement is as follows.

“Website” refers to the Classting website(http://www.classting.com). (In case of any updates on domain or content of the website, the updated website will be  included). “Service” refers to Classting and Classting related services that can be used regardless of the device (including all sorts of wired/wireless devices including PC, TV, portable devices and etc.) “Subscriber” refers to a customer who logs into the Service, signs an agreement for use with the Company in accordance with these Terms of Service and uses the Service provided by the Company. ”Class” refers to the online space created by a teacher within Classting for the purpose of communication between class members. “Posting” refers to  messages, photos, videos, files and links composed of signs, characters, sounds, pictures and movies that the Subscriber  had posted on the Service while using the Service.

#### The Terms of Service will be posted for you to easily understand and be modified upon sharing with you in advance.

The Company will post the Terms of Service within the Service or within a connecting page so that You can easily access the content. The Company may amend the Terms of Service within the scope of not violating relevant laws. In the case when the Company amends the Terms of Service, it shall post a public notice in the Service with a clear statement of the application date and the reason of amendment, fourteen (14) days prior to the application day along with existing Terms. 

Notwithstanding the clear statement of the Company, that when it gives a notification pursuant to the previous Clause, if You  fail to express any disagreement explicitly within fourteen (14) days, You  shall be deemed to have agreed with the amended version of Terms of Service. When You do not agree to the application of amended Terms of Use, the Company cannot apply the amended provisions, and You may terminate the Agreement. In case the existing Terms of Service cannot be applied for special reasons, the Company may terminate the use agreement. If any part of this Terms of Service shall be adjudged to be invalid, the remainder shall remain effective.

#### You will go through several steps before the actual use of Service.

The agreement is established with the approval of the Company at a request of a person who wishes to be a Subscriber (hereinafter “Subscription Applicant”) to apply oneself as a Subscriber upon consenting to the details of the Agreement. As a general rule, the Company grants the Subscription Applicant the right to use the Service. However, the Company may disallow use or terminate the agreement at a later date in the following cases: First, if the Subscription Applicant previously lost his/her rights as a Subscriber, due to provisions in the Terms of Service; however, those who were permitted to re-subscribe as a Subscriber to the Company are  an exception; secondly, if the Subscription Applicant provides false information or does not provide information requested by the Company; lastly, if the approval of subscription is impossible due to a reason attributable to the Subscription Applicant or if the application is made violating provisions set forth herein. Lastly, minors under 13 in the US should follow the Children's Online Privacy and Protection Act ("COPPA”). According to COPPA, minors under 13 in the US need an invitation code or invitation URL which is generated by the teacher who obtained parental consent to join Classting. Prior to entering the invitation code or accessing via the invitation URL, minors under 13 in the US cannot join Classting and their accounts will remain inactive. You can find more information about COPPA on our privacy policy document. Other than these, the Company may reserve approval if there is a lack of service-related facilities or if technical or managerial issues are present.

If the Subscription application is not approved, or is deferred, then as a general rule, the Company must notify the Subscription Applicant of the decision. The agreement for use will become effective when the Company shows that the application is completed on the application process. The Company may classify Subscribers based on company policies, and differentiate the conditions of each use category by segmenting use time and number of usages and service menus.

#### You can change your personal information at any time.

You can view and change your personal information at any time on the profile setting screen. The Subscriber must notify the Company of any changes in information submitted in the subscription application by changing the pertaining information on the profile online. If there is a change to the mobile phone number or if You are disactivating the phone, you must update Your account information within forty eight (48) hours. If not, Your message could be sent to a third party who has acquired your existing phone number. The Company will not be responsible for any loss experienced by You due to the failure to update Your personal information.

#### We make efforts to protect your personal information.

The Company exerts efforts to protect your personal information in accordance with related laws. Applicable laws and the Company’s Privacy Policy shall apply to the use and protection of personal information; provided, however, that the Company’s Privacy Policy shall not apply to any other websites besides the Company’s official website.

#### The Company makes the utmost effort to deliver notices.

Company send notice to You through notification in the Service or with other methods deemed appropriate by the Company, unless specified otherwise in the provisions in the Terms of Service. When a notification is targeted to all Subscribers, the Company can post a notification on the Service’s initial screen or the Company’s bulletin board for more than seven (7) days, and such notification can replace the notification specified above.

#### We are open to your opinion.

The Company will not conduct actions that are prohibited by related legislation and the Terms of Service or infringe on customs, and will exert its utmost efforts to provide continuous and stable Service. The Company must provide a security system to protect personal information (including credit information) to ensure Your safe use of the Service, and announce and conform to the Privacy Policy.

The Company must resolve opinions or complaints filed by Subscribers related to the use of Services, if such opinions or complaints are deemed justifiable. The resolution process and results of opinions or complaints filed by Subscribers must be shown to Subscribers through bulletin boards or other methods determined by the Company.

#### There are several matters that require your attention concerning the use of the Service.

The Subscriber must not conduct the following actions for sound use of the Service. Such actions refer to using the Service against its original purpose and include the followings: 1) Submitting false information when subscribing or changing information 2) Illegally using another person’s information 3) Illegally collecting or disclosing other Subscribers’ personal information or registration/ usage history. 4) Posing risk to account security including allowing other to access one’s account 5) Distributing false information for the purpose of providing monetary benefits or posing damage to others 6) Using the Service to encourage or mediate unsound relationships.  7) Actions that defame or damage individual or group’s reputation. 8)  Sexually explicit or violent messages, videos or sounds or other contents that go against good public order and customs. 9) Embodying, deploying, or inducing installation of any program that interferes with the service provided by Classting, or that inhibits the service environment for the users by spreading malicious code, malware, virus, etc.

Also, we ask the Subscriber not to change information posted by the Company or use the Service for profit-making purposes, without approval from the Company. Subscribers shall not falsely represent oneself as the Company or the third party. Illegally using another’s identity, infringing on intellectual property rights, damaging reputation and interrupting the Company’s business shall also be prohibited. Transmitting or posting information (including computer programs) other than information decided by the Company or disclosing and posting information on the Service that contain sexually explicit or violent messages, videos or sounds or other contents that go against good public order and customs shall also be banned.

Any action of aiding or encouraging activities stipulated above or unlawful or improper activities are also prohibited. You must be in charge of all problems that you caused while you're using the Service and you must pay all costs to solve the problems. The Company will not be in charge of any problems that aren't caused by the Company. 

Subscribers who created the Class must be in charge of operating the Class and members in the Class.If any member posts inappropriate posts, Subscribers who created the Class must delete/report that post/user. If You are in a Class that You didn't create, You should contact  the Subscriber who created the Class. If the Company finds any inappropriate Classes/Postings, the Company can suspend or delete the Class, and the Company is not responsible for any damage to the Subscriber. 

#### We are working hard to provide a stable Service.

The Company provides all Services including the Classting service and the service provided to the Subscriber that has been developed by the Company, or has resulted from partnership agreements signed with other companies. As a rule, the Service must be provided 365 days a year, 24 hours a day. However, the Company may segment the Service into parts, and designate usable times to each part, with a prior notification. The Company is eligible to provide a part or all Services differently to each Subscriber depending on identification status, registered information, and the conditions set forth by the Company.

Also, the Company may temporarily suspend the Service due to reasons such as maintenance, replacement or malfunction of information and communication facilities, including computers, loss of communication or major operational issues. If such incidents arise, the Company must notify the Subscriber using the method designated for its Subscribers. However, the Company may notify Subscribers ex post facto if situations prohibit the Company from posting a notification in advance. Other than these, the Company may conduct regular maintenance if it is necessary for the Service provision, and maintenance must be conducted on the time posted on the Service webpage.

#### The Service is subject to change from time to time.

The Company may modify parts or the whole Service if operational or technical necessities arise due to significant reasons. If modifications have been made to the Service contents, use method and/or time, then Subscribers must be made fully aware of details including the reason for such modifications, the modified sections of the Service, and provided date before such modifications are made using methods easily recognizable by You, such as through Notifications in the pertaining Service.

The Company may modify, suspend, or update portions of, or the whole Service, which is provided free-of-charge, if it is necessary for the Company’s policy or for operational needs and the Company may not provide separate compensation to You, unless specified in provisions of related laws.

#### We can provide a variety of information.

The Company may provide information that is deemed to be useful to Subscribers while using the Service using methods such as notice or in-Service alert and in such cases, the Subscriber may refuse to accept the information, excluding information on transactions and customer inquiries, as is stated in related laws, at any time. However, prior approval from the Subscriber is needed when transmitting for-profit information, through phone or similar methods including SMS.

In association with the Service operation, the Company may place advertisements on the Service webpage, homepage etc. The Subscriber shall not modify, update or restrict Postings or information related to the Service provided by the Company.

#### We would like you to respect the rights within the Service.

All copyrights of the Post that you had uploaded to the Service vest in the creator of the Post. The copyright and intellectual property rights to the Service belongs to the Company, however it shall not be applicable to the Post that You had created or a creation provided accordingly to the partnership agreement. The copyrights and other intellectual property rights to trademarks, service marks and logos related to Services provided by the Company, including designs of the Service provided by the Company, text, scripts, graphics created by the Company, and functions that allow exchange between Subscribers belong to the Company, in accordance to provisions in related legislation or the Company has ownership or the right to use such copyrights or intellectual property rights.

The Company only grants the Subscriber the right to use the Service, in accordance to conditions defined by the Company, and You cannot transfer, sell or use other means to dispose of such rights. You are not granted with the right to own the Service or gain copyright ownership of the Service through these Terms of Service, but only are granted with a permission from the Company to use the Service, to gain information from the Service, and to use the Service in its given state for personal purposes only.

Your Posting can be exposed on the search result or service promotion and it can be revised by Company if it`s need for exposure. In this case, you can ask the Company to delete the Posting or delete it from the search result or expose it to You only.

You must not use, copy and/or distribute Subscribers’ status information, which is acquired through the Service, for profit-making purposes, other than contents permitted explicitly and may not copy or distribute mutual transmission feature for text, script, graphic created by the Company . However, except for a case where You had been explicitly granted with written permission from the Company, You shall not attempt to create derivatives, reverse-file or extract source code in regards to the Service or software within.

#### You can cancel your Subscription at any time.

You may cancel Your Terms of Service anytime through the account deletion screen within the Service and the Company shall immediately handle such withdrawal according to related legislations. When You cancel the Agreement according to the related legislation and Privacy Protection Policy, all Your data shall be deleted immediately and will not be restored except in the  case that  the Company possesses the Subscriber’s information.
When You cancel the Agreement, all information registered to your account such as Your profile picture with which You can be identified with shall be deleted. However, postings registered to a public board or re-posted by others through  scrapping, shall not be deleted, thus be sure to delete such information before withdrawing your Subscription.

#### Respective Classes and contents can be exposed and managed depending on the type and settings.

The Class will be categorized into types depending on the degree of exposure and search such as whether the Class is exposed during search or not, or whether a preview of a Post to the Class is exposed during search, and several other additional conditions. You can join as a member of  a Class through an invitation made by your friend or by searching for the  desired Class according to these conditions. The Class leader/common leader will be granted with the  authority to approve or deny the member sign-up and/or withdraw a member who is already joining the Class.

If Your posting includes contents that violate related legislations, the right holder may demand a suspension or deletion of the Posting in a procedure set by related laws and the Company shall take measure in accordance with the related legislations. Also, even though there is no demand from the right holder, a temporary measure can be taken to the group (respective Class) if the group has a post which is deemed to have infringed on the right of others or has violated the Company’s policy or other related legislation.

The Company may check the contents of the Post or chat, if there is a need to verify the compliance with related legislation or these Terms of Service, and the Company grants an editing feature applicable to the Posting posted to groups to the leader of each Class. Other than these, parts of the posts and chats can be deleted from the Service after a certain period, and the responsibilities to manage the posts shall be vested in Yourself.

#### You could be restricted for Service use in unavoidable circumstances.

The Company may restrict the use of the Service in phases from warning, to temporary suspension and permanent suspension if the Subscriber violates the obligations of these Terms of Use, or disrupts the normal operations of the Service. However, the Company may immediately terminate the use permanently if the Subscriber violates relevant laws, as in the cases where he/she illegally provides illegal programs and disrupts the operation, conducts illegal communications and hacking, distributes malicious programs, and exceeds his/her login authority. All benefits acquired through Service use shall become extinct during permanent suspension, and the Company shall not make additional indemnifications for such matters. The Company shall follow policies stipulated in Restrictions on use and Operation Policy for conditions and details of restrictions.

Company shall notify its Subscribers via set notification method in case of restricted Service use or cancellation of agreement, and if You were to raise an objection to the restriction measure taken by the Company, You shall do so in compliance with process set by the Company. When the Company acknowledges the objection of the Subscriber just, the Company shall reinitiate the Service immediately.

#### There are several exceptions to the responsibility imposed during Service operation.

The Company shall be exempt from any responsibility related to providing the Service in the case of  natural disasters or any force majeure and the Company shall not be responsible for Service use or network errors caused by Your fault, such as the loss of accessing media (device). The Company isn't responsible for any damages to  Subscribers caused by the Service`s update, revision, stop, network problems and speed problem by unexpected problems. If a user violates the Terms of Service or privacy policy, the Company can delete all/parts of the Class/Posting but the Company shall not be responsible for any damage. 

The Company isn’t responsible for managing or saving Postings. Also, the Company isn’t responsible for legality, morality, credibility, or accuracy of the information that users provide. The Company isn’t responsible for any other websites besides the Company’s official website even though two sites may be linked by a link. 

The Company is not liable of reparation regarding any loss or damage to  You while using the Service. If Your damage is caused by the Company's illegal activity, Company shall be pay you up to the amount that you have paid to the Company during last 6 months. It only applies when the Company had such intention or is guilty of gross negligence. 

Furthermore, the Company shall not be responsible for the credibility and accuracy of the information, document and facts that You had posts regarding Service and the Company shall be exempt from liabilities for the exchange which is made among Subscribers or between Subscribers and the third person with the Service being a medium. If  You cause any problems while using the Service, You must  to pay all costs to solve the problems. The Company shall not be responsible for use of Service provided for free unless specified otherwise in relevant law.

Lawsuits filed between the Company and Subscriber shall be governed by the laws of the Republic of Korea and all the conflicts hereunder shall follow the Code of Civil Procedure.

> * Date of implementation: June 17, 2016
> [View Former Terms of Service](/policies/terms?v=20150824)